It's long, I didn't
memorize it or anything like that.
It's quite beautiful.
Cut the crap, Rory.
All right, I'm not
falling for your new age,
overly emotional, trauma bonding,
yoga retreat bullshit.
I see you, because like you,
my mom is a very broken person.
Okay, she's a delusional fantasist.
You just exploit her and if
she wants to allow that to happen,
that's on her.
Thank you.
Oh, if it isn't little Jane Butterfield.
Littler Jane?
Oh, it's Jane
Butterfield Lee now, we hyphenated.
Is that Becky Dean?
No.
No one's here yet.
Sample from my hubby's microbrewery.
Micro, is that for
people with tiny houses?
Why is your house
covered in black fabric?